note that they are the same (#722)
haddocking/haddocking.github.io: education/HADDOCK3/index.md

  </ul>

* [**Basic docking run with HADDOCK3**](/education/HADDOCK3/HADDOCK3-antibody-antigen):

>   This tutorial describes a full step-by-step process from preparing the files for the docking, to the interpretation of the results. It is a good idea to go through it to get a basic introduction to HADDOCK3. *Note that the tutorial used here is the basic antibody-antigen tutorial, so don't do both, as they are the same.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This tutorial describes a full step-by-step process from preparing the files for the docking, to the interpretation of the results. It is a good idea to go through it to get a basic introduction to HADDOCK3. This is the basic antibody-antigen tutorial; if you've already followed it elsewhere, there's no need to repeat it.
```
